hope you everyone had a great conference
I hope there ended on a good note for
you so we're going to talk about
consolidating DNS data in the cloud with
amazon route 53 I'm Li Zhen I'm a dev
manager for the service part of edge
services great so let's jump right in
we're going to talk about why you should
do this initially and why it's the right
time so really comes down to a lot of
the same things about moving into the
cloud cost cost is a big reason to
consolidate your DNS in the cloud
running your own DNS servers could be
expensive you have to operate them and
you have to run lots of them when you
use route 53 we operate dozens of edge
locations around the world and we charge
by the query and so you only pay for
what you use it not going to have to pay
a whole lot we're talk about forty cents
for every million queries simplicity you
can manage all your stuff in route 53
consolidating everything makes life a
whole lot easier you have a single view
of all of your DNS you can have all your
hosted zones in route 53 you can manage
all your DNS data in one place and you
can manage it all via our easy-to-use
API hopefully most of the people in this
room or in the most of this so I'm going
to keep going pretty quickly today we'll
be covering basic DNS use cases so
really how to migrate the more simple
stuff and how to consolidate all of that
within route 53 and the ration talk a
little bit a lot about advanced use
cases with private DNS and some of the
cool things you can do in combining your
existing architectures with private DNS
so the diagram we're really going to be
looking at is something like this where
you may have example.com whatever domain
you or set of domains you currently own
you may run a public dns server and that
public dns server may be serving your
dns on behalf of your domains out to the
general internet you might have some
third-party monitoring you might have
some things looking at whether your
servers are healthy or not checking to
see if Layton sees are good whether or
not things are actually running in your
own data centers you might have your own
just monitoring as well Plus maybe even
some more internal dns servers to serve
dns within your corporate network for
example we're going to talk about moving
all of that into the cloud and so we'll
be doing that with route 53 public zones
route 53 health checks and route 50 free
private zones so where do we start well
we can start by bulk transferring all
the domains that you currently manage
into route 53 and that might seem like a
pretty daunting task so we're going to
do it step-by-step the first step is to
export DNS into route 53 what this means
is taking the DNS that you currently
manage and having the way that those
records are served and actually having
route 53 serve them on your behalf the
next step is to actually delegate
authority to route 53 and what that
means is by delegating authority when
other resolvers on the internet are
attempting to do dns resolution they
will contact route 53 instead of the
existing DNS servers that you use and
the last step is the transfer domains to
wrap up mp3 so in case you didn't know
route 53 actually offers domain name
registration you can go and buy or
transfer domains into route 53 so you
can go to route 53 and you can search
for you know my new domain com and buy
it or you can transfer an existing
domain into route 53 and here we're
going to talk about both transferring
all your domains into R alpha p3 and
actually you'll notice that the order
here really matters it really matters
for availability so you could do it the
other way you could first transfer the
domains and then export and delegate the
authority to route 53 we don't recommend
doing that the reason for doing this in
this order is this guarantees that you
first have route 53 serving your records
before you actually transfer in some
cases if you transfer first the
transferring registrar may decide to if
you for example have your DNS coupled
with your registration you may actually
lose dns resolution as part of the
transfer process if you transfer first
depending on the registrar you're using
so some registrar's actually when you
hansford domain out decide to stop
serving the DNS records on your behalf
once you do that so we highly recommend
going in this order by making sure your
DNS records are being served by ralphs
it would be first before you transfer
the domains over so how do we export the
DNS this is highly dependent on your
existing DNS provider will talk through
two examples first one is if you use
someone like go den for your DMS godaddy
if you go to the website and you log
into your management console there's
actually a DNS zone file tab and there's
an export option you will select that
and then actually download the zone file
and then you would download a zone file
for each of the zones or each of the
domains that you want to transfer or if
you're running your own bind server for
example typically you would find this in
wherever you have your name D
configuration so if you're using like a
shuru jail or something like that you
might find it in VAR name d and you
would have your zone files hosted in
there you then use CLI 53 it's an open
source command lines skip tool to import
the zone into route 53 so here's a
pretty uneasy example you can see we
really just iterate through each zone
file and you can really just with two
commands create the zone and then import
that zone file into relative to three
and so what this will do is it will
create a hosted zone in route 53 and
then shove all the records from that
zone file into that hosted zone and then
now that zone is ready to serve the
records on your behalf at that point
you'll want to delegate the authority to
route 53 so this is the step I mentioned
we're now name servers or resolvers
rather on the internet will be able to
contact route 53 in order to do domain
name resolution for you so this step is
registrar dependent here's an example if
you use namecheap for example as your
registrar they have an API you would be
able to go to the API provide your API
details and then you would issue this
command to set the dns servers to the
delegation set so you can see here we
have four name servers listed NS 425 NS
3 etc those nameservers come with each
hosted zones so when you create a hosted
zone in route 53 you get a unique set of
name servers and so you would do this
for each of the domains you were
transferring again you can imagine how
you could easily script something like
this you will want to check that you're
actually delegated so simple example
would be to do a dig trace so we have an
example up here showing how you can this
is a concatenated output so you can see
remove some of the less interesting
details but first we have the roots name
servers followed by the dot-com name
servers then finally followed by the
name servers for AWS architecture blog
com and you can see that for those
nameservers those are actually delegated
to ralphs 53s name servers after you've
done that you'll want to wait for the
TTLs the time to live on those records
to expire so here you can see that the
time to live is 170 2,800 seconds which
is two days and so will want to wait for
those two days before we continue doing
anything else so after those two days
all the resolvers around the world
should hopefully have by that point
expire their caches and now see that
route 53 is authoritative for this
domain and at that point we can transfer
the domains again depending on who your
domain name registrar is this is going
to be depended on the Registrar you'll
want to unlock the domain so that it can
be transferred here's another namecheap
API example and then you'll want to
obtain the authorization codes for those
domains so for example GoDaddy actually
has a bulk download option you would go
into the console you can get all your
domain codes of the authorization codes
in bulk and then again we can script
this I have a ruby example up here using
the AWS sdk you would use the WC SDK
with the route 53 domains client and
here you can see we go through each of
the off codes for each of the domains
you can imagine having this auth code
CSV which might have your domain names
and and the actual authorization codes
and then here I've actually not shown
the full arguments as what you will need
to do is you will actually include
name plus the authorization code plus
all of your contact information /
typical domain transfer configuration so
that that takes care of the public zones
that's pretty simple so now you can
imagine if we've done something along
the lines of what I've dis outlined will
have transferred all the authority that
route 53 route 53 will be serving all of
our public dns records for example calm
and will have transferred all the domain
name registration into route 53 days of
service what about the the monitoring
part though so let's let's talk briefly
about that so you can take advantage of
AWS integration once you've actually
done this transfer one of the cool
things you can take advantage of is
alias alias is a specific record type
within route 53 that allows you to point
your domain name apex at an elastic load
balancer or cloud front distribution or
s3 website and so in a very simple way
you can actually point the apex which
you normally would have the cname which
you can't do but using taking advantage
of alias you can actually you can
actually do that and point that at those
resources you can also take advantage of
route 53 s health checks in DNS failover
recently in case you didn't know last
month we launched calculated health
checks calculated health checks allow
you to combine multiple health checks
into a single health check using and or
or rules and you can actually also
manually failover health checks using
calculated health checks as well so it's
a very powerful tool both for DNS
failover so in my previous top last year
I talked a lot about how you can take
advantage of route 53 DNS failover to do
all sorts of conditional flows and
things like that basically treating
alias trees as a way of having a
decision tree essentially or logic tree
within route 53 recordsets I encourage
you to check out that talk from last
year if you if you didn't catch it so
weak you can use DNS failover to really
have really powerful ways to decide how
to dynamically return different answers
based on the condition of your system
and calculated health checks adds a
whole new dimension to be able to do
that in addition it really helps provide
replacement for any kind of monitoring
solutions you might have in place today
so in addition to in addition to
calculated health checks we also
announced latency measurements as part
of health checks last month as well and
so when you create a health check you
can also get back latency measurements
against wherever and when you're
checking and so those two things
combined can really help you with with
all the monitoring for for an end point
so now we've gotten the third-party
external monitoring moved over I should
have mentioned also that rapid three
actually checks your endpoint from
multiple locations around the globe and
we've also been able to move the
internal system monitoring over since we
actually are able to monitor your
instances within the easy to as well so
now let's talk about this last piece
moving internal dns over that's actually
pretty simple too we can set a private
dns so what private dns is is it's a way
to create a private zone within your
virtual private cloud so within your VPC
you can actually have a hosted zone that
is only visible within that VPC this was
a future we announced last November and
so you can see here I have a simple
console example that shows creating a
domain name example.com tech and
associating it with a specific VPC ID so
from within that VPC example that integ
is now resolvable but only from within
that VPC you can actually associate
multiple V pcs to a zone and multiple
zones to a VPC and again if we want it
to script this and make this really easy
we can simply use Clive 53 to import all
our zone data from our existing internal
dns systems into route 53 private dns
alright so we're done right we moved
everything into route 53 and into the
cloud we have our public zone being
managed in route 53 we've managed to
move all of our monitoring solutions
into the cloud and we also have even our
private DNS data in the cloud as well
but not quite
it's very possible in fact lots of
customers we talked to have laptops or
clients sitting in their corporate
networks or they still have various
reasons to keep an on-premise data
center around so what do we do about
that so let's talk about how you can
actually take advantage of private DNS
in conjunction with an existing data
center so in order to do that we have to
talk a little bit about what it means to
use the with it the resolver within the
VPC so within the VPC typically the
resolver is going to sit at what we call
the gateway plus to address so for
example if your VPC sub that is a 10 /
16 then the 1000 to address is going to
be where all your DNS resolution happens
by default the way private DNS works is
you query that 1000 to address again in
the 10 / 16 example and private DNS
combines both the resolver and the
authority into one so this is kind of a
limitation where it means you can't use
the 1000 to address as an authoritative
server so some customers have wanted to
for example delegate to 1000 to that
doesn't quite work because it actually
acts as a resolver not as an
authoritative name server similarly the
1000 to address is actually not
addressable from outside of the VPC it's
kind of a magic address and so we'll
talk about various ways in which you can
work around that and finally delegation
back to other name servers via NS
records within private DNS doesn't work
either again because of the fact that
we've combined the resolver and
authority in the way private DNS works
so these are some limitations of the way
private DNS works within VPC today we're
definitely aware of these limitations
and are working toward making them
better but if you're not there are
actually really cool things you can do
to make everything work so we talked
about that so here of a diagram showing
kind of an on-premise network again
could be an existing data center or your
corporate network we have a query
we have a resolver that the query is
going to go to and then we would like
that query to be able to go through to
route 53 private DNS in order to get
some kind of answer so for example you
might imagine you might be running
something in VPC that you want to be
able to address and you want to be able
to actually get the answer for that it
could be some kind of internal
application server or whatever it is but
you need to be able to get to that
address so what you want to happen have
happened is you want this query for that
name to go to the resolver and from that
resolver to go to the plus two resolver
sitting in the VPC and for that to
actually ask route 53 is Authority okay
well what's the answer to this name and
for that query answer to travel all the
way back to the original client who want
to know but as I mentioned that doesn't
work because the path from the resolver
to the plus two isn't going to exactly
fly how do we fix this let's take a
forwarder in between and this actually
makes everything work so we can actually
have the query go to the resolver which
goes to the floor der sitting in your
VPC this DNS border will then for the
query on to the plus to address which is
now visible since the border is sitting
within the VPC and then the query will
then go on to query the private zone and
then the answer will flow back
we'll talk about how to set up this
border now so a super easy way to get
this forward or set up is to just run
unbound as the border so you could
imagine spinning up an easy to instance
installing unbound and then configuring
unbalanced so here we have a sample
unbound configuration this sample
configuration essentially tells unbound
to listen on everything and answer all
queries in the local subnet we reload
the on back configuration and voila you
have a forwarder in your VPC that is
able to allow your your on-premises
network to to be able to create route 53
VP private DNS answers oh yeah one last
configuration you have to actually add
the forward zone so the here we actually
have named as the route and this Ford's
the the this is setting it up to forward
all the queries to the the plus to
address that i mentioned earlier you
could also imagine changing the name
here from the root to some other domain
so for example if you only want to Ford
certain certain queries to to the to the
plus to address you could do that as
well another option is actually to set
up AWS directory service as the
forwarder and this is actually the
recommended method because it's a fully
managed on your behalf and be if you
want to utilize active directory within
your virtual private cloud you actually
get to take advantage of that as well
and this is actually really easy to do
so if you've never played with ablest
directory service you can go into the
console and if you pop open the AWS
directory service part of the console
there's a button that says create simple
ad and so we will create a simple active
directory within our VPC typically the
way this gets configured is you will be
asked to have two subnets within your BP
see those subnets are where the active
directory controllers will be placed and
so here you can see we have to DNS
addresses for our directory in this
example the 1001 114 and 1002 135
and if we hop on to a host within that
BBC you'd see something like this for
the resolve calm so for people who
aren't as familiar resolv.conf specifies
how a host is going to do its dns
resolution and so here you can actually
see that the nameservers is pointing to
are those two name servers that were
configured as part of creating our
symbol directory so just to show a quick
example if we this is this is this is a
example of a private hosted zone in
route 53 called cloud da Zhen and we
have an example record here example that
clouds and it's a txt record says hello
world and so if we go to the instance
running in that VPC and we were to dig
for example cloud odds n we would
actually get back that answer and you
can see if you look if you take note of
the server replying on on our behalf
it's actually the Active Directory
server so it's it's the it's the 0 1
1001 114 dress which is the active
directory name server that's actually
answering on behalf so the way we
recommend customers configure this is so
you have active directory running within
your VPC and we actually may actually
suggest managing all non active
directory names in private DNS so when
you were an active directory you
actually get a DNS server as part of
active directory as well and you could
manage a lot of DNS with an active
directory however we recommend managing
all the non hostnames everything that's
not part of your Active Directory
installation in private DNS for two
reasons one it's going to fall through
so for example if if the name isn't in
Active Directory it's going to continue
to go to route 53 so the reason so what
what you can then do is use the API
endpoint in route 53 as opposed to
having to figure out how to script
against active directory within your VPC
and having a less accessible endpoint
the other reason is zones can cross
regions with private DNS so as I
mentioned earlier you can actually have
a single zone associated with multiple
VP sees those v pcs don't even need to
be in the same where you
and so this allows you to have a single
view across all your availability zones
all your regions all your BBC's and
manage your all in one place whereas if
you were to do this in Active Directory
that would it be a regional view
specific to that VPC where the Active
Directory lives so going back to the
diagram we have something that looks
like this right we have a query going to
a resolver going to the forwarder to the
plus two and then the answer coming all
the way back through and so so far we've
configured this four-door orange box how
do we configure the box that's the
resolver to make sure that it talks to
the forwarder that is also very easy
I'll show two examples one for bind and
one for unbound so assuming you run
binder unbound in your corporate data
center or in your office or wherever it
is for bind you would simply have those
too forward or set up and that's the
first example on the top of the slide so
there you would have all the queries
from your on-premise data center go
through and and hit those two name
servers that are in the VPC so this this
is assuming by the way that your vbc and
your on-premise or corporate data center
or whatever it is is VPN together and
possibly direct connected the second
example on the bottom half the slide
shows an example where you have a single
zone that you were going to afford so
here maybe you have you only want to
forward craze for that specific zone
into the DPC to get resolved
similarly you can do the same thing with
unbound the the top half of the slide is
also if you wanted to Ford everything
through and the bottom half of the slide
is if you only want the Ford that that
one single zone another thing I
mentioned earlier is that it's not
really possible to sub delegate a zone
or it's not possible to have NS records
within your private zone that end up
being respected and this is as I
mentioned due to the reason to the fact
that we have the resolver and the
authority combined so kind of that
right-hand side of the diagram those
really are one unit in the way that it
looks within the bpc and so what we
recommend here is to flatten your zone
instead of sub delegating what this
means is if you have a sub domain say
sub Club does that in this example
instead of creating another private
hosted zone called sub clouds n simply
manage all the sub domains as part of
the existing zone instead of creating
additional zones so this this is this is
a simple technique to ensure that
everything gets result cleanly and
easily
another use case that customers often
run into is that the on-premise the
on-premises resolver or DNS
infrastructure contains data that's not
in private DNS there's actually multiple
ways to deal with this one way would be
to loop the query through the
on-premises system another way we would
be to copy the data into private DNS in
a third way which we won't really cover
today is to set up conditional
forwarding in Active Directory this last
method is assuming you're running your
own Active Directory server and you have
the ability to actually set of
conditional forwarding so we'll talk
about the first two so this is going to
be a little convoluted looking but I'm
sorry this this first slide we're going
to talk about this is kind of what it
would look like from this is the
existing view so this is if the query is
coming from on-premise this is this this
all works and here what what if the data
is actually in on the other side so you
have a query originating within the VPC
but the data is sitting and the
on-premise network how do we get how do
we get that data back and so we're gonna
do something a little bit round about
when we by looping the query through the
on-premise so we actually what we would
do is have the query go back into the
on-premise infrastructure instead of
asking the be local DNS and then having
that continue through to the forwarder
to the plus 2 and to route 53 so here in
this case if the local resolver already
has the answer it's just going to answer
and return back to the query if not it's
going to continue forwarding through and
forward into the VPC and just as before
clicker is not working just as before
the query will come back through so in
the first thing in the first case that I
mentioned here if the query is
originating from within the VPC and the
data is in the on-premise network by
routing it kind of back through we would
be able to ensure that anything that's
already in the on-premise network will
get answered and if it's not it's going
to continue all the way through the way
you would configure this is to as we
talked about in the result com have have
the hosts actually searched the name
server for the on-premise resolver first
before it searches the forwarders within
within the VPC the other option would be
to copy the data into private DNS and so
pretty easy way to do this is to use a
tool called route 53 d or you could use
high 53 so we talked about Clyde 53 as
an import mechanism earlier route 53 d
if you go online it's an open source
tool that allows you to essentially
transfer zones into route 53 and I have
a sample configuration here out of route
53 d it's fairly simple you would you
would essentially specify the domain
name that you care about and the
corresponding zone ID and route 53 run
the route 53 demon on your on your DNS
servers and that will keep the data
synced between your DNS server and route
53 and so by doing this you'll actually
just simply have the data sitting in the
route 53 Authority and you can have the
query go directly to the plus 2 resolver
from from your client query the
authority and have the day to come right
back and here we build it you would get
back the answer for whatever on-premise
data that you you actually care about
right actually zip through this pretty
quickly so in summary consolidating your
DNS infrastructure in the cloud is is
easy and it simplifies management all
that infrastructure we're able to manage
both your private data and public data
all in one place
there are a number of ways to combine
private DNS with an on-premise or
existing solution we talk through how
you might be able to copy data back and
forth or how you label the route queries
throughout the data center architectures
and where some of the limitations around
the plus to address and are actively
working toward making that situation a
whole lot better please complete your
evaluations if you have a chance thanks
for your time I hope everyone had a
great reinvent